Add info on how to clone a tag directly (#4800)
godotengine/godot-docs: development/compiling/getting_source.rst

and click on the link for the release you want.
You can then download and extract the source from the download link on the page.

> With ``git`` you can also clone a stable release by specifying it's tag:
> 
> ::
> 
>     git clone https://github.com/godotengine/godot.git --branch <tag_name>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With ``git``, you can also clone a stable release by specifying its branch or tag
after the ``--branch`` argument::

	# Clone the continuously maintained stable branch (`3.x` as of writing).
	git clone https://github.com/godotengine/godot.git --branch 3.x

	# Clone the `3.2.3-stable` tag. This is a fixed revision that will never change.
    git clone https://github.com/godotengine/godot.git --branch 3.2.3-stable
```
